#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements_for_test.in
#
ago==0.0.93
    # via -r requirements.txt
apipkg==1.5
    # via execnet
attrs==20.3.0
    # via
    #   flake8-bugbear
    #   pytest
awscli-cwlogs==1.4.6
    # via -r requirements.txt
awscli==1.18.211
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   awscli-cwlogs
    #   notifications-utils
beautifulsoup4==4.8.1
    # via -r requirements_for_test.in
bleach==3.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   notifications-utils
blinker==1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   gds-metrics
    #   sentry-sdk
boto3==1.16.51
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   notifications-utils
botocore==1.19.51
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   awscli
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
cachetools==4.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   notifications-utils
certifi==2020.12.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
chardet==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
click==7.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask
colorama==0.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   awscli
dnspython==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   eventlet
docopt==0.6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   notifications-python-client
docutils==0.15.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   awscli
entrypoints==0.3
    # via flake8
et-xmlfile==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   openpyxl
eventlet==0.31.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
execnet==1.7.1
    # via pytest-xdist
flake8-bugbear==19.8.0
    # via -r requirements_for_test.in
flake8-print==3.1.4
    # via -r requirements_for_test.in
flake8==3.7.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements_for_test.in
    #   flake8-bugbear
    #   flake8-print
flask-login==0.5.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
flask-redis==0.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   notifications-utils
flask-wtf==0.14.3
    # via -r requirements.txt
flask==1.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-login
    #   flask-redis
    #   flask-wtf
    #   gds-metrics
    #   notifications-utils
    #   sentry-sdk
freezegun==0.3.12
    # via -r requirements_for_test.in
future==0.18.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   notifications-python-client
gds-metrics==0.2.4
    # via -r requirements.txt
geojson==2.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   notifications-utils
govuk-bank-holidays==0.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   notifications-utils
git+https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-frontend-jinja.git@v0.5.8-alpha#egg=govuk-frontend-jinja==0.5.8-alpha
    # via -r requirements.txt
greenlet==0.4.17
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   eventlet
gunicorn==20.0.4
    # via -r requirements.txt
humanize==3.2.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
idna==2.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
isort==4.3.21
    # via -r requirements_for_test.in
itsdangerous==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask
    #   flask-wtf
    #   notifications-utils
jdcal==1.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   openpyxl
jinja2-cli[yaml]==0.7.0
    # via -r requirements_for_test.in
jinja2==2.11.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask
    #   govuk-frontend-jinja
    #   jinja2-cli
    #   notifications-utils
jmespath==0.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
lml==0.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pyexcel
    #   pyexcel-io
lxml==4.6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pyexcel-ezodf
    #   pyexcel-ods3
markupsafe==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jinja2
    #   wtforms
mccabe==0.6.1
    # via flake8
mistune==0.8.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   notifications-utils
monotonic==1.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   notifications-python-client
more-itertools==8.6.0
    # via pytest
notifications-python-client==5.7.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
https://github.com/bitzesty/notifications-utils/archive/catalyst.zip
    # via -r requirements.txt
openpyxl==3.0.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pyexcel-xlsx
orderedset==2.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   notifications-utils
packaging==20.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   bleach
    #   pytest
phonenumbers==8.12.15
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   notifications-utils
pluggy==0.13.1
    # via pytest
prometheus-client==0.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   gds-metrics
py==1.10.0
    # via
    #   pytest
    #   pytest-forked
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   rsa
pycodestyle==2.5.0
    # via
    #   flake8
    #   flake8-print
pyexcel-ezodf==0.3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pyexcel-ods3
pyexcel-io==0.6.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pyexcel
    #   pyexcel-ods3
    #   pyexcel-xls
    #   pyexcel-xlsx
pyexcel-ods3==0.6.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
pyexcel-xls==0.6.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
pyexcel-xlsx==0.6.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
pyexcel==0.6.6
    # via -r requirements.txt
pyflakes==2.1.1
    # via flake8
pyjwt==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   notifications-python-client
pyparsing==2.4.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   packaging
pypdf2==1.26.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   notifications-utils
pytest-env==0.6.2
    # via -r requirements_for_test.in
pytest-forked==1.3.0
    # via pytest-xdist
pytest-mock==1.11.2
    # via -r requirements_for_test.in
pytest-xdist==1.31.0
    # via -r requirements_for_test.in
pytest==5.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements_for_test.in
    #   pytest-env
    #   pytest-forked
    #   pytest-mock
    #   pytest-xdist
python-dateutil==2.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   awscli-cwlogs
    #   botocore
    #   freezegun
python-json-logger==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   notifications-utils
pytz==2020.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   notifications-utils
pyyaml==5.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   awscli
    #   jinja2-cli
    #   notifications-utils
redis==3.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-redis
requests-mock==1.7.0
    # via -r requirements_for_test.in
requests==2.25.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   awscli-cwlogs
    #   govuk-bank-holidays
    #   notifications-python-client
    #   notifications-utils
    #   requests-mock
rsa==4.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   awscli
s3transfer==0.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   awscli
    #   boto3
sentry-sdk[flask]==0.20.3
    # via -r requirements.txt
shapely==1.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   notifications-utils
six==1.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   awscli-cwlogs
    #   bleach
    #   eventlet
    #   flake8-print
    #   freezegun
    #   govuk-bank-holidays
    #   pytest-xdist
    #   python-dateutil
    #   requests-mock
smartypants==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   notifications-utils
soupsieve==2.1
    # via beautifulsoup4
statsd==3.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   notifications-utils
texttable==1.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pyexcel
urllib3==1.26.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   botocore
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via pytest
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   bleach
werkzeug==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask
wtforms==2.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-wtf
xlrd==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pyexcel-xls
xlwt==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pyexcel-xls

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
